So we have this big solar panel
manufacturer as a client, and they
work alongside with installers.
These installers are third party
companies that sometimes can be
just a one person operation to a
big company with many employees.
This manufacturer wanted to use this
network as a marketing platform.
So they needed a marketing tool that
would enable these installers to
create web pages on the fly with their
localized data and also marketing
components from the manufacturer.
So what was the solution?
We built a platform that was able
to deploy new websites in seconds.
These installers, they could just
SSO coming from another system
from this manufacturer, and they
just landed into this editor
where they can choose components.
From the solar manufacturer brand
with their custom marketing and all
the information, and also they could
localize putting their own content,
their own text, their own images
of their own solar installations.
They could also choose many languages
to support in the final app.
This was a win-win solution
for the solar brand.
Because every time the final customers
open the website created by the
installer , all that marketing
content was delivered to the user.
From the technical aspect, we built
two web applications with React.
One for the editor and the other
one just to render the final
pages in a more optimized way.
There was a rest, API in the middle,
written in Node.js  with TypeScript
that's running on cloud run.
This API connects to a cloud SQL
instance that stores all the information
that we save within this application.
There's also a data stream that sends
data to BigQuery that can be used by the
report team to get insightful information
about the usage of the application.